746 Updating and Revamping the Glossary (#834)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/glossary/K.md

[A](A.md) [B](B.md) [C](C.md) [D](D.md) [E](E.md) [F](F.md) [G](G.md) [H](H.md) [I](I.md) [J](J.md) [K](K.md) [L](L.md) [M](M.md) [N](N.md) [O](O.md) [P](P.md) [Q](Q.md) [R](R.md) [S](S.md) [T](T.md) [U](U.md) [V](V.md) [W](W.md) [X](X.md) [Y](Y.md) [Z](Z.md)

---

## Key {#key}

> A `Key` is a cryptographically-derived group of characters used to identify an [account](/glossary/A/#account). Each account will have a `PublicKey` and a `SecretKey`. More information on keys in a Casper network can be found [here](/dapp-dev-guide/keys/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Keys` are the type under which data (e.g. CLValues, smart contracts, user accounts) are indexed on the network. More information on keys in a Casper network can be found [here](/dapp-dev-guide/keys/).
```

> A `Key` is a cryptographically derived group of characters used to identify an [account](/glossary/A/#account). Each account will have a `PublicKey` and a `Secret Key`. More information on keys in a Casper network can be found [here](/dapp-dev-guide/keys/).

Reviewer 2: Small nits here. Do we need the space in "Secret Key" to match "PublicKey"?

```suggestion
A `Key` is a cryptographically-derived group of characters used to identify an [account](/glossary/A/#account). Each account will have a `PublicKey` and a `SecretKey`. More information on keys in a Casper network can be found [here](/dapp-dev-guide/keys/).
```
